Configure `server.directories.plugins` when using plugins volumes on Kubernetes (#3212) (#3230)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/kubernetes/plugins.adoc

[[plugins-volume]]
== Add plugins using a plugins volume

An alternative method for adding Neo4j plugins to a Neo4j Helm deployment is to mount a shared plugins volume.
With this method, the plugin jar files are stored on a Persistent Volume that is mounted at _/plugins_ in the Neo4j container.

> To configure Neo4j to load plugins from the mounted volume, add `server.directories.plugins: /plugins` to the link:https://neo4j.com/docs/operations-manual/current/kubernetes/configuration/#_config[`config:`] object of your _values.yaml_ file to ensure Neo4j recognizes the mounted volume.

Author: ```suggestion
To configure Neo4j to load plugins from the mounted volume, add `server.directories.plugins: /plugins` to the xref:kubernetes/configuration.adoc#_config[`config:`] object of your _values.yaml_ file to ensure Neo4j recognizes the mounted volume.
```
